Introduction and Authentication (#1)
csfloat/docs: source/index.html.md

# Introduction

> Welcome to the CSGOFloat API! You can use our API to access CSGOFloat API endpoints, which can get information on various listings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the CSGOFloat API! You can use our API to access CSGOFloat API endpoints such as market listings, inspect link retrieval, and more!
```

> Welcome to the Float Market API! You can use our API to access Float Market API endpoints, which can get information on various listings.

Reviewer: Should probably make this generic "CSGOFloat API" that comprises the market, inspect, etc...

You can view code examples in the dark area to the right, and you can switch the programming language of the examples with the tabs in the top right.

# Authentication

> CSGOFloat uses API keys to allow access to the API. You can register a new CSGOFloat API key on your [profile](https://csgofloat.com/profile) under the "developer" tab.

Reviewer: Should probably note that we don't require API keys for all requests and the requests that do will say so.

> Float Market uses API keys to allow access to the API. You can register a new Float Market API key on your [profile under developer](https://csgofloat.com/profile).

Reviewer: nit: `[profile](https://csgofloat.com/profile) under the "developer" tab.`
